Today I want to try something new. The main thought is that I have to deal and accept life as it is and with its rules. How ? I will till you how :

1. What has been corrupted over many years of drowning in addiction is impossible to return to its normal state within hours or even days.
2. Despite this, if you do not do anything at all because you are frustrated with your low level of concentration and your inability to achieve what you want or what you need even during this period of your life, then the only and inevitable result of this will be to continue in this situation and waste... More of the golden period in your life that you don't know how long is left.
3. And I want to emphasize this meaning well so that you do not misunderstand me. I do not want you to take very simple steps and look at the simple progress towards the goal of focusing, studying and striving while suppressing your anger that you need more and your frustration that it is not enough. Rather, I want you to look at these simple steps towards the goal as very huge achievements, and you put all your anger, negative feelings, effort and energy into putting these very small steps in the right place and focusing on recovery and accepting life on its terms and the people around you as they are and not as you want them to be. Only then, when you gain momentum and some continuity on this path, can you be happy with each of these small steps because they will then represent the building blocks of our fortress of recovery and Tawba.
4. [[TTMPFROCB]]